[Agent][Platform] Introduce stream listener as extension point (#1394)
symfony/ai: UPGRADE.md

UPGRADE FROM 0.2 to 0.3
=======================

Agent
-----

>   * The `StreamResult` class has been removed in favor of a `StreamListener`. Checks should now target

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The `fqcn from the agent` class has been removed in favor of a `StreamListener`. Checks should now target
```
Makes it more clear
